RHDEVDOCS 5888 Release Notes for Pipelines 1.14 (#72005)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-14.adoc

* With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the new `v2alpha3` record format version when recording pipeline runs and task runs that use the `v1` version value.

* With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the `v1` version of pipeline run and taskline run formats internally.

[id="tekton-results-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== {tekton-results}

* With this update, if {tekton-results} is installed, {tekton-results} records the summary and record data for pipeline runs started using {pac}.

* With this update, {tekton-results} provides up to 100 megabytes of logging information for a pipeline or task.

* With this update, any authenticated user can view the `tekton-results-api-service` route in the openshift-pipelines namespace to interact with Tekton Results using a REST API.

* With this update, the {tekton-results} API includes a new endpoint for fetching summary and aggregation for a list of records.

* With this update, the `GetLog` endpoint of the {tekton-results} API returns raw bytes with the `text/plain` content type.

> With this update, you can optionally specify a custom CA certificate in the `options.Data.config.tekton-results-api-config.DB_SSLROOTCERT` spec in the `TektonResult` CR. In this value. In this case, Tekton Results requires an SSL connection to the database server and uses this certificate for the connection.

Reviewer: If we want to use the options field in the TektonResult spec, then we need to use it like this:
```
  options:
    configMaps:
      tekton-results-api-config:
        data:
          config: |
            DB_HOST=tekton-results-postgres-service.openshift-pipelines.svc.cluster.local
            DB_PORT=5432
            DB_NAME=tekton-results
            DB_SSLMODE=disable
            DB_SSLROOTCERT=xyz
            DB_ENABLE_AUTO_MIGRATION=true
            SERVER_PORT=8080
            PROMETHEUS_PORT=9090
            PROMETHEUS_HISTOGRAM=false
            TLS_PATH=/etc/tls
            AUTH_DISABLE=true
            AUTH_IMPERSONATE=false
            LOG_LEVEL=debug
            LOGS_API=true
            LOGS_TYPE=File
            LOGS_BUFFER_SIZE=32768
            LOGS_PATH=/logs
```

Author: @khrm does this mean that all the other DB settings must also, in this case, be provided in this place and not where they normally are directly in the Tekton Result spec? Or will this work:

```
  apiVersion: operator.tekton.dev/v1alpha1
  kind: TektonResult
  metadata:
    name: result
  spec:
    targetNamespace: openshift-pipelines
    logs_api: true
    log_level: debug
    db_port: 5432
    db_host: tekton-results-postgres-service.openshift-pipelines.svc.cluster.local
    logs_path: /logs
    logs_type: File
    logs_buffer_size: 32768
    auth_disable: true
    tls_hostname_override: tekton-results-api-service.openshift-pipelines.svc.cluster.local
    db_enable_auto_migration: true
    server_port: 8080
    prometheus_port: 9090
    options:
      configMaps:
        tekton-results-api-config:
          data:
            config:
               DB_SSLROOTCERT: <certificate>
```

Reviewer: All settings should be provided in options only.

Author: @khrm well, I don't know which settings are in that configMap. Those I document are listed in my example, Are any of these settings in the tekton-results-api-config  configMap? Such as server_port, prometheus_port, db_port, db_host ?

Reviewer: These are the settings:
```
DB_HOST=tekton-results-postgres-service.tekton-pipelines.svc.cluster.local DB_PORT=5432 DB_NAME=tekton-results DB_SSLMODE=disable DB_SSLROOTCERT= DB_ENABLE_AUTO_MIGRATION=true SERVER_PORT=8080 PROMETHEUS_PORT=9090 PROMETHEUS_HISTOGRAM=false TLS_PATH=/etc/tls AUTH_DISABLE=false AUTH_IMPERSONATE=true LOG_LEVEL=info LOGS_API=false LOGS_TYPE=File LOGS_BUFFER_SIZE=32768 LOGS_PATH=/logs S3_BUCKET_NAME= S3_ENDPOINT= S3_HOSTNAME_IMMUTABLE=false S3_REGION= S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID= S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY= S3_MULTI_PART_SIZE=5242880 GCS_BUCKET_NAME= STORAGE_EMULATOR_HOST=
```

* With this update, the {tekton-results} API includes a new endpoint for fetching summary and aggregation for a list of records.

* With this update, the `GetLog` endpoint of the {tekton-results} API returns raw bytes with the `text/plain` content type.

With this update, you can optionally specify a custom CA certificate in the `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_SSLROOTCERT` spec in the `TektonResult` CR. In this case, Tekton Results requires an SSL connection to the database server and uses this certificate for the connection.

[id="breaking-changes-1-14_{context}"]
== Breaking changes

* With this update, when using the Bundles resolver, you can no longer specify the `serviceAccount` parameter. Instead, you can specify the `secret` parameter to provide the name of a secret containing authentication information for the registry. You must update any tasks or pipelines that use the `serviceAccount` parameter of the Bundles resolver to use the `secret` parameter instead. The `pipeline.bundles-resolver-config.default-service-account` spec in the `TektonConfig` CR is no longer supported.

[id="known-issues-1-14_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * The `tkn pipeline logs` command does not display the logs of tasks that were defined in a pipeline with the `retries: X` parameter.

Reviewer 2: @piyush-garg the `tkn` command displays the logs but not for the running pipeline. Am I right?

Reviewer 3: Aah yes, it does not show while pipeline is in progress and `-f` is used, as the pipeline gets completed, it works

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * about/op-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="op-release-notes-1-14_{context}"]
= Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.14

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.14 is available on {OCP} 4.12 and later versions.

[id="new-features-1-14_{context}"]
== New features

> In addition to fixes and stability improvements, the following sections highlight what is new in {pipelines-title} 1.14:

Author: Thanks, this would be better, but I don't want to change this to keep consistency with previous Pipelines RNs

> In addition to fixes and stability improvements, the following sections highlight what is new in {pipelines-title} 1.14:

Reviewer 4: Perhaps consider this as a CI item for pipelines RNs. I understand not changing it though.

[NOTE]
====
Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.
====

[id="pipelines-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== Pipelines

* With this update, you can use a parameter of a task or pipeline or a result of a previous task to specify the name of a resource to bind to a workspace, for example, `name: $(params.name)-configmap`.

* With this update, {pipelines-shortname} supports using your existing entitlements for Red Hat Enterprise Linux in build processes within your pipelines. The built-in `buildah` cluster task can now use these entitlements.

* With this update, if a pipeline run or task run uses the `pipeline` service account, you can use CSI volume types in the pipeline or task.

* With this update, you can use a `StepAction` custom resource (CR) to define a reusable scripted action that you can invoke from any number of tasks. To use this feature, you must set the `pipeline.options.configMaps.feature-flags.data.enable-step-actions` spec to `true`.

* With this update, object parameters and array results are enabled by default. You do not need to set any flags to use them.

> * With this update, you can use the HTTP resolver to fetch a pipeline or task from a HTTP URL.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can use the HTTP resolver to fetch a pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, as shown in the following examples:
```
See table in https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-articles

+
.Example usage for a task
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: TaskRun
metadata:
  name: remote-task-reference
spec:
  taskRef:
    resolver: http
    params:
    - name: url
      value: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd-catalog/git-clone/main/task/git-clone/git-clone.yaml
----
+
.Example usage for a pipeline
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  name: http-demo
spec:
  pipelineRef:
    resolver: http
    params:
    - name: url
      value: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/main/pipeline/build-push-gke-deploy/0.1/build-push-gke-deploy.yaml
----

> * With this update, you can use an enum declaration to limit the values that you can supply for a parameter of a pipeline or task. To use this feature, you must set the `pipeline.options.configMaps.feature-flags.data.enable-param-enum` spec to `true`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can use an enum declaration to limit the values that you can supply for a parameter of a pipeline or task. To use this feature, you must set the `pipeline.options.configMaps.feature-flags.data.enable-param-enum` spec to `true`, as shown in the following example:
```

+
.Example usage
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: pipeline-param-enum
spec:
  params:
  - name: message
    enum: ["v1", "v2"]
    default: "v1"
# ...
----

> * With this update, when using the Git resolver with the authenticated SCM API, you can override the default token, SCM type, and server URL that you configured.

Reviewer 5: spell out SCM at first use?

> * With this update, when using the Git resolver with the authenticated SCM API, you can override the default token, SCM type, and server URL that you configured.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* With this update, when using the Git resolver with the authenticated SCM API, you can override the default token, SCM type, and server URL that you configured. See the following example:
```

Reviewer 5: I can't find the specific guidance, but all of the examples I've seen in the OpenShift guidelines have an introduction before examples (e.g., "in the following example"), so I generally try to follow that.

kind: TaskRun
metadata:
  name: git-api-demo-tr
spec:
  taskRef:
    resolver: git
    params:
    - name: org
      value: tektoncd
    - name: repo
      value: catalog
    - name: revision
      value: main
    - name: pathInRepo
      value: task/git-clone/0.6/git-clone.yaml
    # create the my-secret-token secret in the namespace where the
    # pipelinerun is created. The secret must  contain a GitHub personal access
    # token in the token key of the secret.
    - name: token
      value: my-secret-token
    - name: tokenKey
      value: token
    - name: scmType
      value: github
    - name: serverURL
      value: https://ghe.mycompany.com
----

* With this update, you can define default resource requirements for containers and init-containers in pods that {pipelines-shortname} creates when executing task runs. Use the `pipeline.options.configMaps.config-defaults.default-container-resource-requirements` spec in the `TektonConfig` CR to set these requirements. You can set the default values for all containers and also for particular containers by name or by prefix, such as `sidecar-*`.

[id="operator-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== Operator

> * With this update, {pipelines-shortname} supports horizontal pod autoscaling for the operator proxy webhook. If the pod that runs the operator proxy webhook reaches 85% CPU utilization, the autoscaler creates another replica of the pod. If you want to use more than one replica for the operator proxy webhook at startup, you must configure this number in the `options.horizontalPodAutoscalers` spec of the `TektonConfig` CR.

Reviewer 5: Operator should be capitalized, I think - see https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#operator  I will only mark once here.

* With this update, the internal leader election for several components of {pipelines-shortname} was improved. The operator controller, operator webhook, proxy webhook, {pac} watcher, {pac} webhook, and the Tekton Chains controller now use separate leader election ConfigMaps. The leader election affects which replica of a component processes a request.

> * Before this update, when you scaled up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, manual intervention was required to enable the use of the new replicas, namely, you needed to delete leases in the leader election. With this update, when you scale up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, the leader election includes the new replicas automatically, so the new replicas can process information.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when you scaled up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, manual intervention was required to enable the use of the new replicas; namely, you needed to delete leases in the leader election. With this update, when you scale up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, the leader election includes the new replicas automatically, so the new replicas can process information.
```

* With this update, you can optionally set the following flags in the `spec.pipeline` spec of the `TektonConfig` CR:
** `coschedule`
** `enable-cel-in-whenexpression`
** `enable-param-enum`
** `enable-step-actions`
** `enforce-nonfalsifiability`
** `keep-pod-on-cancel`
** `max-result-size`
** `metrics.count.enable-reason`
** `results-from`
** `set-security-context`
** `default-resolver-type`

> 

Reviewer 5: remove empty lines (can sometimes cause issues with rendering)

[id="triggers-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== Triggers

* With this update, when specifying CEL expressions for the Triggers interceptor, you can use the `first` and `last` functions to access values in a JSON array.

* With this update, when specifying CEL expressions for the Triggers interceptor, you can use the `translate` function that facilitates the utilization of regular expressions to replace characters with specified strings, as in the following example:
+
.Sample use of the `translate` function
----
".translate("[^a-z0-9]+", "ABC")
----
+
.Sample input string
----
This is $an Invalid5String
----
+
.Sample result string
----
ABChisABCisABCanABCnvalid5ABCtring
----

[id="web-console-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== Web console

* With this update, you can enable the web console plugin for {pipelines-shortname}. If you enable the plugin, you can view pipeline and task execution statistics in the *Pipelines overview* page and in the page of a pipeline.
+
[NOTE]
====

> To use the web console plugin for {pipelines-shortname}, you must use the following {OCP} point releases or later point releases:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To use the web console plugin for {pipelines-shortname}, you must use, at a minimum, the following {OCP} releases:
```

* For {OCP} version 4.12: 4.12.51
* For {OCP} version 4.13: 4.13.34
* For {OCP} version 4.14: 4.14.13

> * For {OCP} version 4.15: any point release

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* For {OCP} version 4.15: any release
```
I checked with the peer review team and "point release" isn't a term we normally use - does this suggestion work?

** `files.all.exists(x, x.matches('<path_or_regular_expression>'))` for all files
** `files.added.exists(x, x.matches('<path_or_regular_expression>'))` for files that were added since the last run of this pipeline
** `files.modified.exists(x, x.matches('<path_or_regular_expression>'))` for files that were modified since the last run of this pipeline
** `files.deleted.exists(x, x.matches('<path_or_regular_expression>'))` for files that were deleted since the last run of this pipeline
** `files.renamed.exists(x, x.matches('<path_or_regular_expression>'))` for files that were renamed since the last run of this pipeline; this expression checks the new names of the renamed files

[id="tekton-chains-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== {tekton-chains}

* With this update, {tekton-chains} supports the `v1` value of the API version.

* With this update, you can set the `artifacts.pipelinerun.enable-deep-inspection` parameter in the `TektonConfig` CR. When this parameter is `true`, {tekton-chains} records the results of the child task runs of a pipeline run. When this parameter is `false`, {tekton-chains} records the results of the pipeline run but not of its child task runs.

> * With this update, you can set the `builddefinition.buildtype` parameter in the `TektonConfig` CR to set the build type for in-toto attestation. When this parameter is `https://tekton.dev/chains/v2/slsa`, {tekton-chains} records in-toto attestations in strict conformance with the slsav1.0 specification. When this parameter is `https://tekton.dev/chains/v2/slsa-tekton`, {tekton-chains} records in-toto attestations with additional information such as the labels and annotations in each task run and pipeline run, and also adds each task in a pipeline run under `resolvedDependencies`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can set the `builddefinition.buildtype` parameter in the `TektonConfig` CR to set the build type for in-toto attestation. When this parameter is `\https://tekton.dev/chains/v2/slsa`, {tekton-chains} records in-toto attestations in strict conformance with the SLSA v1.0 specification. When this parameter is `\https://tekton.dev/chains/v2/slsa-tekton`, {tekton-chains} records in-toto attestations with additional information such as the labels and annotations in each task run and pipeline run, and also adds each task in a pipeline run under `resolvedDependencies`.
```

* Before this update, when {tekton-chains} was configured to use `gcs` storage, Tekton Chains did not record pipeline run information. With this update, {tekton-chains} records pipeline run information with this storage.

> * With this update, performance metrics are available for {tekton-chains}. To access the metrics, expose the `tekton-chains-metrics` service and then usr the /metrics path on this service, port 9090. These metrics are also available in the {OCP} Monitoring stack.

Reviewer 5: Not sure if "usr the /metrics path" is correct

* With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the new `v2alpha3` record format version when recording pipeline runs and task runs that use the `v1` version value.

> * With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the `v1` version of pipeline run and taskline run formats internally.

Reviewer 5: taskline run = task run?

[id="tekton-results-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== {tekton-results}

* With this update, if {tekton-results} is installed, {tekton-results} records the summary and record data for pipeline runs started using {pac}.

* With this update, {tekton-results} provides up to 100 megabytes of logging information for a pipeline or task.

* With this update, any authenticated user can view the `tekton-results-api-service` route in the openshift-pipelines namespace to interact with Tekton Results using a REST API.

* With this update, the {tekton-results} API includes a new endpoint for fetching summary and aggregation for a list of records.

* With this update, the `GetLog` endpoint of the {tekton-results} API returns raw bytes with the `text/plain` content type.

> With this update, you can optionally specify a custom CA certificate in the `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_SSLROOTCERT` spec in the `TektonResult` CR. In this value. In this case, Tekton Results requires an SSL connection to the database server and uses this certificate for the connection.

Reviewer 5: "in this value" seems like a sentence fragment

[id="breaking-changes-1-14_{context}"]
== Breaking changes

> * With this update, when using the Bundles resolver, you can no longer specify the `serviceAccount` parameter. Instead, you can specify the `secret` parameter to provide the name of a secret containing authentication information for the registry. You must update any tasks or pipelines that use the `serviceAccount` parameter of the bundles resolver to use the `secret` parameter instead. The `pipeline.bindles-resolver-config.default-service-account` spec in the TektonConfig CR is no longer supported.

Reviewer 5: "bundles resolver" is inconsistently capitalized

> * With this update, when using the Bundles resolver, you can no longer specify the `serviceAccount` parameter. Instead, you can specify the `secret` parameter to provide the name of a secret containing authentication information for the registry. You must update any tasks or pipelines that use the `serviceAccount` parameter of the bundles resolver to use the `secret` parameter instead. The `pipeline.bindles-resolver-config.default-service-account` spec in the TektonConfig CR is no longer supported.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* With this update, when using the Bundles resolver, you can no longer specify the `serviceAccount` parameter. Instead, you can specify the `secret` parameter to provide the name of a secret containing authentication information for the registry. You must update any tasks or pipelines that use the `serviceAccount` parameter of the bundles resolver to use the `secret` parameter instead. The `pipeline.bindles-resolver-config.default-service-account` spec in the `TektonConfig` CR is no longer supported.
```

[id="fixed-issues-1-14_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, when using GitHub Enterprise, an incoming webhook did not work. With this update, you can use incoming webhooks with GitHub Enterprise.

* Before this update, if a task run or pipeline run disabled timeouts, {pipelines-shortname} would run a series of rapid reconciliations on the task run or pipeline run, degrading the performance of the controller. With this update, the controller reconciles task runs and pipeline runs with disabled timeouts normally.

* Before this update, if you used a custom namespace to install Tekton Hub, the installation deleted the `openshift-pipelines` namespace, removing the {pipelines-shortname} installation. With this update, you can use a custom namespace to install Tekton Hub and your {pipelines-shortname} installation is unaffected

* Before this update, when using {pac} with GitLab, if the user triggered a pipeline run by using a comment in a merge request such as `/test`, {pac} did not report the status of the pipeline run on the merge request. With this update, {pac} correctly reports the status of the pipeline run on the merge request.

> * Before this update, when using CEL filtering in Tekton Results, subgroups did not work correctly. With this update, subgroups work correctly.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when using CEL filtering in Tekton Results as shown in the following example, subgroups did not work correctly. With this update, subgroups work correctly.
```

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * about/op-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="op-release-notes-1-14_{context}"]
= Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.14

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.14 is available on {OCP} 4.12 and later versions.

[id="new-features-1-14_{context}"]
== New features

In addition to fixes and stability improvements, the following sections highlight what is new in {pipelines-title} 1.14:

[NOTE]
====

> Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.

Reviewer 6: @VeereshAradhya My guess, this is copied from 1.13 release notes.
I do not remember, why we put this on 1.13 as well :)
@ppitonak might know more about this.

1.13: release notes: https://docs.openshift.com/pipelines/1.13/about/op-release-notes.html#op-release-notes-1-13_op-release-notes

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/1004403/9997bc6f-30dc-46ca-92c7-67ca5d14b36a)

> Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.

Author: @VeereshAradhya @jkandasa it first appeared in 1.11 https://docs.openshift.com/pipelines/1.13/about/op-release-notes.html#op-release-notes-1-11_op-release-notes . Should I remove it from 1.14?

> Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.

Reviewer 7: Because there was some bug in console and pipeline status showed failed even it succeeded this in the past, not relevant now

> Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.

Reviewer 7: lets remove it

> Before upgrading to the {pipelines-title} Operator 1.14, ensure that you installed at least the {OCP} 4.12.19 or 4.13.1 version on your cluster.

Author: Removed, thanks!

+
.Example usage
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: pipeline-param-enum
spec:
  params:
  - name: message
    enum: ["v1", "v2"]
    default: "v1"
# ...
----

* With this update, when using the Git resolver with the authenticated SCM API, you can override the default token, SCM type, and server URL that you configured.
+
.Example usage
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: TaskRun
metadata:
  name: git-api-demo-tr
spec:
  taskRef:
    resolver: git
    params:
    - name: org
      value: tektoncd
    - name: repo
      value: catalog
    - name: revision
      value: main
    - name: pathInRepo
      value: task/git-clone/0.6/git-clone.yaml
    # create the my-secret-token secret in the namespace where the
    # pipelinerun is created. The secret must  contain a GitHub personal access
    # token in the token key of the secret.
    - name: token
      value: my-secret-token
    - name: tokenKey
      value: token
    - name: scmType
      value: github
    - name: serverURL
      value: https://ghe.mycompany.com
----

> * With this update, you can define default resource requirements for containers and init-containers in poids that {pipelines-shortname} creates when executing task runs. Use the `pipeline.options.configMaps.config-defaults.default-container-resource-requirements` spec in the `TektonConfig` CR to set these requirements. You can set the default values for all containers and also for particular containers by name or by prefix, such as `sidecar-*`.

Reviewer 6: typo: poids => pods

Author: thanks fixed

* With this update, the internal leader election for several components of {pipelines-shortname} was improved. The operator controller, operator webhook, proxy webhook, {pac} watcher, {pac} webhook, and the Tekton Chains controller now use separate leader election ConfigMaps. The leader election affects which replica of a component processes a request.

* Before this update, when you scaled up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, manual intervention was required to enable the use of the new replicas, namely, you needed to delete leases in the leader election. With this update, when you scale up the number of replicas of the {pipelines-shortname} controller, the leader election includes the new replicas automatically, so the new replicas can process information.

> * With this update, you can optionally set the following flags in the pipeline spec:

Reviewer 2: @piyush-garg shouldn't this inside `tektonconfig` under `spec.pipeline` section?

[id="fixed-issues-1-14_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, when using GitHub Enterprise, an incoming webhook did not work. With this update, you can use incoming webhooks with GitHub Enterprise.

* Before this update, if a task run or pipeline run disabled timeouts, {pipelines-shortname} would run a series of rapid reconciliations on the task run or pipeline run, degrading the performance of the controller. With this update, the controller reconciles task runs and pipeline runs with disabled timeouts normally.

* Before this update, if you used a custom namespace to install Tekton Hub, the installation deleted the `openshift-pipelines` namespace, removing the {pipelines-shortname} installation. With this update, you can use a custom namespace to install Tekton Hub and your {pipelines-shortname} installation is unaffected

* Before this update, when using {pac} with GitLab, if the user triggered a pipeline run by using a comment in a merge request such as `/test`, {pac} did not report the status of the pipeline run on the merge request. With this update, {pac} correctly reports the status of the pipeline run on the merge request.

> * Before this update, when using {pac} with GitHub Enterprise, an incoming webhook did not work. With this update, the incoming webhook works with GitHub Enterprise.

Reviewer 2: this is repetition of one in line number 253?

Author: fixing.

* With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the new `v2alpha3` record format version when recording pipeline runs and task runs that use the `v1` version value.

* With this update, {tekton-chains} uses the `v1` version of pipeline run and task run formats internally.

[id="tekton-results-new-features-1-14_{context}"]
=== {tekton-results}

* With this update, if {tekton-results} is installed, {tekton-results} records the summary and record data for pipeline runs started using {pac}.

* With this update, {tekton-results} provides up to 100 megabytes of logging information for a pipeline or task.

* With this update, any authenticated user can view the `tekton-results-api-service` route in the openshift-pipelines namespace to interact with Tekton Results using a REST API.

* With this update, the {tekton-results} API includes a new endpoint for fetching summary and aggregation for a list of records.

* With this update, the `GetLog` endpoint of the {tekton-results} API returns raw bytes with the `text/plain` content type.

> * With this update, you can optionally specify a custom CA certificate in the `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_SSLROOTCERT` spec in the `TektonResult` CR. In this case, Tekton Results requires an SSL connection to the database server and uses this certificate for the connection. However, if you use this spec, you must also use alternate configuration parameters for other {tekton-results} settings instead of the parameters described in the {tekton-results} documentation, as listed in the following table. Both the regular and the alternate parameter specs are within the `TektonResult` CR.

Reviewer 8: can we leave out this part: `instead of the parameters described in the Tekton Results documentation`. Do we need a croos-ref here to understand the context better?
The third sentence sounds a bit confusing. 

Suggestion:
However, if you use this spec, you must also use alternate configuration parameters for other {tekton-results} settings as listed in the following table:

We can move the last line at the end of the table: Both the regular and the alternate parameter specs are defined within the `TektonResult` CR.

Also, use the attribute defined for Tekton results in this phrase:  `Tekton Results requires an SSL connection`

[options="header"]
|===

| Regular parameter spec | Alternate parameter spec

| `logs_api` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.LOGS_API`
| `log_level` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.LOG_LEVEL`
| `db_port` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_PORT`
| `db_host` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_HOST`
| `logs_path` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.LOGS_PATH`
| `logs_type` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.LOGS_TYPE`
| `logs_buffer_size` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.LOGS_BUFFER_SIZE`
| `auth_disable` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.AUTH_DISABLE`
| `db_enable_auto_migration` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.DB_ENABLE_AUTO_MIGRATION`
| `server_port` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.SERVER_PORT`
| `prometheus_port` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.PROMETHEUS_PORT`
| `gcs_bucket_name` | `options.configMaps.tekton-results-api-config.data.config.GCS_BUCKET_NAME`

|===
+

> For the settings not listed in this table, use the regular parameter specs in the documentation,

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
For the settings not listed in this table, use the regular parameter specs in the documentation.
```

> For the settings not listed in this table, use the regular parameter specs in the documentation,

Reviewer 8: the table covers specs, why are we calling them settings in this sentence?

Are we talking abt regular parameter specs mentioned above or those spec are mentioned somehwre else in the doc? If they are mentioned somehwere else, may be we can provide a cross-reference??

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Use the alternate parameter specs only if you need to use the DB_SSLROOTCERT setting.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Use the alternate parameter specs only if you need to use the `DB_SSLROOTCERT` setting.
```
